CTOR-728 Plugin(network::sonus::sbc::snmp) - Mode(cpu) : Unknown option (#3436)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-sonus-sbc-snmp.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

> The Monitoring Connector **Sonus SBC ** brings a host template:

Author: ```suggestion
The Monitoring Connector **Sonus SBC** brings a host template:
```

* **Net-Sonus-Sbc-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Net-Sonus-Sbc-SNMP-custom" label="Net-Sonus-Sbc-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias   | Service Template                          | Service Description                                                                                                                                |
|:----------------|:------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Call-Statistics | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Call-Statistics-SNMP-custom | Check statistics of calls managed through this equipement                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Call-Statistics | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Call-Statistics-SNMP-custom | Check statistics of calls managed through the device                                                                                          |
```

> | Channels        | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Channels-SNMP-custom        | Check state and status of channels configured on the equipment                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Channels        | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Channels-SNMP-custom        | Check state and status of channels configured on the device |
```

> | Cpu             | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Cpu-SNMP-custom             | Check the rate of utilization of CPU for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cpu             | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Cpu-SNMP-custom             | Check the rate of utilization of the CPU for the machine. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPUs |
```

| Disks           | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Disks-SNMP-custom           | Check storage usage                                                                                                                                |
| Dsp-Statistics  | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Dsp-Statistics-SNMP-custom  | Check the statistics related to the digital signal processing module of the SBC Sonus                                                              |
| Load            | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Load-SNMP-custom            | Check the load average of the equipment                                                                                                            |
| Memory          | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Memory-SNMP-custom          | Check the memory usage on the Sonus SBC equipment                                                                                                  |

> | Swap            | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Swap-SNMP-custom            | Check the rate of utilization of SWAP memory on the Sonus                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Swap            | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Swap-SNMP-custom            | Check the rate of utilization of the SWAP memory on the Sonus                                                                                          |
```

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **Net-Sonus-Sbc-SNMP-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias | Service Template                       | Service Description                                                                                           | Discovery  |
|:--------------|:---------------------------------------|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------:|

> | Cpu-Detailed  | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Cpu-Detailed-SNMP-custom | Check the rate of utilization of CPU for the machine. This check can give further details on its utilization  |            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cpu-Detailed  | Net-Sonus-Sbc-Cpu-Detailed-SNMP-custom | Check the rate of CPU utilization for the machine. This check can give further details on its utilization  |            |
```

```

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="Debian 11" label="Debian 11">

Author: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="Debian 11 & 12" label="Debian 11 & 12">
```

```

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="Debian 11" label="Debian 11">

Author: ```suggestion
<TabItem value="Debian 11 & 12" label="Debian 11 & 12">
```
